add runtime upgrade docs (#964)
centrifuge/centrifuge-chain: docs/runtime-upgrade.md

    - At **proponer**, choose: `parachainSystem` with `authorizeUpgrade`
    - At **codeHash**, copy the `BLAKE2_256` of the previous step.
    - Click on **send preimage**

1. In Network -> Explorer -> Check the `democracy.PreImageNoted` event where the preimage of your blake hash is dispatched
    and copy it.

1. In Governance -> Council -> Motions, click on **propose a motion**.
    - At **umbral**, put `3` (a 75% of the total which is 4).
    - At **propose**: choose: `utility` with `batch` in order to propose a motion with several calls.
        - First call, choose: `democracy` with `externalProposedMajority` and add the copied preimage value as **proposedHash**.
        - Second call, choose: `democracy` with `fastTract` and add the copied preimage value as **proposedHash** and
            write a `10` on **votingPeriod**.

    - Click on **propose**

1. Voting phase. You should make 3 votes in favor with 3 diferent people (modify the CFG amount before to a low number).
    **Warning**, once the proposal appears, you will have `10 * 12` (`votingPeriod * secons_per_block`) seconds to perform
    all votes in favor.

    Once the time ends, close and sign the votation.

> 1. In Developer -> Extrinsics, choose `parachainSystem` with `enactAuthorizedUpgrade`.

Author: I get a `parachainSystem.NothingAuthorized` here that I do not understand well.
Have I left any needed steps?

Reviewer: That means that the wasm used to enact, doesnt match the authorized blake2b hash that was authorized. Make sure you download the new correct one that matches the runtime, `centrifuge` in your docs and the `compact.compressed.wasm`

Author: At first, I thought that, but the hashes matched.
After trying the workflow again. I found the issue. I missed a step just before. Once the referendum is closed, it should be accepted on the democracy page (which is only open for a small window of time).

Reviewer 2: @lemunozm I don't remember ever having that last step 🤔

> # Testing a runtime upgrade in local

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Testing a runtime upgrade locally
```

or

```suggestion
# Testing a runtime upgrade on a local environment
```

> This must be done before each new release we do in any of out runtimes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This must be done before releasing a new version of any of our runtimes to ensure that the chain still produces blocks once the latest version is applied.
```

> Supposing we are testing centrifuge runtime in local:

Reviewer 2: given that the title of this document makes it clear that this is all about testing this in the local environment, you can just delete this line or at least remove the "supposing" to avoid confusion 🙏

Author: Ok 🤔  What I meant is that for the document purpose, the runtime chosen is "centrifuge", if the user wants to test other runtimes they should change some commands to make it works. 
Maybe I can write simply that 🤣

Author: Thinking it better, the sentence does not add any relevant information. The user can see in the command the chain used and change it. So finally I removed it.

1. Run the relay chain:
    ```sh
    ./scripts/init.sh start-relay-chain
    ```
    Open **Rococo Local Testnet** client [here](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/?rpc=ws%3A%2F%2F127.0.0.1%3A9944#/explorer)

1. Run the parachain using the last available release:
    ```sh
    PARA_CHAIN_SPEC=centrifuge-local CC_DOCKER_TAG=<DOCKER_TAG> ./scripts/init.sh start-parachain-docker
    ```
    The `DOCKER_TAG` has the following format: `test-parachain-<DATE>-<COMMIT_HASH>`.
    You can see the available `DOCKER_TAG`s [here](https://hub.docker.com/r/centrifugeio/centrifuge-chain/tags)

>     Open **Centrifuge Local** client [here](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/?rpc=ws%3A%2F%2Flocalhost%3A9946#/explorer)

Reviewer 2: This port should not work since the port is derived on the specific para-id relative to the runtime:

> --ws-port $((9946 + $para_id))

Author: mmm... It is working with that port. Could it be because what I'm running is `start-parachain-docker` instead of `start-parachain` where it is working as you say?

Reviewer 2: ah, yes!

>     Open **Centrifuge Local** client [here](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/?rpc=ws%3A%2F%2Flocalhost%3A9946#/explorer)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Open the **Centrifuge Local** client [here](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/?rpc=ws%3A%2F%2Flocalhost%3A9946#/explorer)
```

> 1. After see block production in the **relay chain^**, run the boarding:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. After verifying block production in the **relay chain**, onboard the parachain:
```
